so we've got a question that was
probably just intended as as an insult
but I actually kind of want to respond
to this in a philosophical way the
question reads quote no complaints here
but you some questions would you get
offended if another man called a woman
you find attractive
ugly so I find some woman gorgeous and
some other guy who my intellectual
respect says something mean about her
appearance would that offend you would
it make you feel embarrassed to be
attracted to the particular woman would
it make you feel sorry for that woman
who was being judged with ridiculous
standards by the guy so I think probably
this person was you know not really
interested in my opinion on this I think
this was probably being used to kind of
just kind of provoked me whatever Beck
saying well I'm actually tempted to make
a video response to this question we've
got a big discourse surrounding
self-discovery for homosexuals and I
feel like the heterosexual mentality has
to catch up with where the gays are
already at stick with me for a few
sentence fragments here and you'll see
what I mean so there are a lot of people
you can meet not all a lot of gay people
have a story of self-discovery that runs
on the following lines at some stage
they didn't realize they were gay they
assumed they were straight by default
and then at some age and the age is
really very sometimes it's before
puberty snows it's after puberty they
start questioning whether or not they're
heterosexual they start questioning what
they do when don't find attractive they
may go through a period with I think
they pop they're bisexual and then
conclude that they're gay the opposite
happens - some people have a period of
assuming that they're gay and then they
discover that they're bisexual and then
beyond that if you know some gay people
you know somebody actual people and so
on a lot of them also say that they had
a period where they assumed what they
found attractive was some kind of
culturally dictated default Beauty
standard so you know like that they
assumed what they find attractive was
the type of person on the cover of a
magazine right a cover of Cosmopolitan
magazine or of Jet magazine whatever
magazines yeah that's really wrapped
pages whatever you know but there's a
certain kind of UT's there and then a
discovery that what they were actually
into was instead
you know and sometimes guys with a lot
of chest hair or guys who were big and
fat I mean believe me every possible
kink every possible right or they're
into really skinny people or they're
really androgynous people and that's
another thing if you don't really see
androgynous people in the mainstream
media that way and they discover those
learning in reality a lot of what goes
on for heterosexual people and not just
when you're teenagers as life goes on
and on and on is really a similar
process of very difficult discovery and
our personal subjective sense of what's
beautiful does get challenged and I
think it's actually really meaningful
and necessary for it to get challenged
but conversations of exactly this kind
so you know I can remember when I was in
university it may be well it was early
in my university years but so I don't
know what age I would have been 18 19
what do you when he started you know I
don't even know okay so I don't know
let's say I was 18 or 19 but what it
wasn't right at the beginning of
university for me but in the first half
let's say you know I remember at that
time I went to Germany to learn German
still speak I still speak German okay
and when I was in the German school we
had students from all around the world
so we had Korean students we had Chinese
students we had a lot of Muslim students
from various parts of the Muslim world
so you know some from kind of Arabia
some from here they're Muslim world's
already a huge part of it was somewhere
from North Africa what have you and we
had different kinds of Europeans and we
had South Americans too and yeah it was
really challenging for me to hear at
their idiosyncratic views on beauty
including just who they did and didn't
find was beautiful within that school
you know what I mean sometimes it was
about I don't know some movie actress or
something but sitting around with the
other students yeah it was jarring and
shocking and uncomfortable and I mean I
remember there was there was one girl
she was older than me so like I don't
know she was broke 25 or something but
you know what that age that's a big age
gap she was older than me more and she
was she was trying to get me she was
trying to trying to wrestle me into the
bedroom kind of thing and I thought she
was quite attractive and it was really
interesting for me to hear
they didn't think she was attractive at
all and yeah it's it's Street so that
was me I wasn't such a young kid I was
18 or 19 or something you know I was
already really an adult and in some ways
I was a very sophisticated at the whole
like I could already talk about politics
and philosophy at that time I'd already
studied Arthur Schopenhauer and had
already studied the whole history of
left-wing and communist philosophy and
family I read a lot of ancient Greek and
Roman flaws I remember kind of where I
was at philosophically - I read a lot of
German philosophy not not to mention
anyway you know so I don't want a
reading but still that kind of
discussion it was a really strange kind
of intrusion it forced me out of my
comfort zone and it's natural that I'll
have that if I do you because what
you're really being challenged with is
intersubjectivity you know beauty is in
the eye of the beholder but to what
extent can I sympathize with and can I
understand someone else's sense of
what's beautiful what's attractive and
to what extent does that challenge my
own assumptions as I as I discover my
own assumptions because we come into
this life without like a cerebral
awareness of these things and also as my
feelings about those things change
please believe me I mean there are all
these guys if you talk to older guys in
the game you'll meet and talk to guys
and they say yeah when they were younger
they were obsessed with this notion of
beauty they pursued this kind of woman
this kind of standard and then they got
older and they didn't care about that
anymore they mature in their
perspectives and again in general gay
people are cool with that they're aware
of that like gay and they have all kinds
of slang for this gay people say yeah
they had a period of time when they were
only interested in pursuing bearers and
they were the period where they were
pursuing otters they have all these
slang terms of this stuff they go
through different periods and they're
basically a piece of that so yeah you
know this kind of discussion whether or
not the the question was meant sincerely
I do think it's really important for
people to sit down and have their
assumptions challenged on this it's
important them to question themselves in
question one another and maybe there's a
bad stereotype you have in your mind of
people you know doing this in order to
hurt one another's feelings but I don't
think that's the point of these
conversations I think a lot of men and a
lot
women are trying to make sense of their
own love lives
they're trying to make sense of you know
the place in their own hearts and minds
where rational thought stops and
instinct starts and that's not something
simple it's not something trivial
that's something profound and of
profound importance that we often live
with until the day we die